Add Fireworks AI provider + instructions for new provider (#2848)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: src/huggingface_hub/inference/_providers/new_provider.md

## How to add a new provider?

Before adding a new provider to the `huggingface_hub` library, make sure it has already been added to `huggingface.js` and is working on the Hub. Support in the Python library comes as a second step. In this guide, we are considering that the first part is complete. 

### 1. Implement the provider helper 

Create a new file under `src/huggingface_hub/inference/_providers/{provider_name}.py` and copy-paste the following snippet.

Implement the methods that require custom handling. Check out the base implementation to check default behavior. If you don't need to override a method, just remove it. At least one of `_prepare_payload` or `_prepare_body` must be overwritten.

> If different tasks require distinct implementations, you can define multiple subclasses. See `fal_ai.py` as an example.

Reviewer: (nit) feel free to ignore
```suggestion
If the provider supports multiple tasks that require different implementations, create dedicated subclasses for each task, following the pattern shown in `fal_ai.py`.
```
